[Music]
three mystery riddles that'll unlock
your inner detective time to put on your
detective hats ladies and gents we've
collected new mystery riddles that only
the brightest Sherlock's can solve do
you think you've got what it takes to
crack them well you're about to find out
after each riddle you'll have 20 seconds
to pinpoint the perp if that's not long
enough don't worry just pause the video
to give yourself more thinking time all
right let's get down to business number
one how did the police know it was their
guy one spring day the local police
station got an emergency call from a
woman in distress officers immediately
hopped into their cruisers and sped off
to the rescue sirens ablaze as they were
approaching the house they heard a
woman's voice from inside scream hey
please don't do it then a shot was fired
followed by a dead silence when the
police rushed into the house they saw a
plumber a firefighter and a lawyer
standing near the woman's lifeless body
it didn't take the cops any time at all
to cuff the firefighter if none of the
suspects had named patches on how did
the officers know it was him you have 20
seconds to figure out what gave the
firefighter away perhaps he was standing
near the murder weapon or maybe he just
looked the most suspicious hmm
[Music]
actually it was nothing of the sort
before the woman was shot she shouted a
man's name but when the police entered
the house the only man they saw was a
firefighter all the rest were ladies
[Music]
number two what happened to Johnny last
Wednesday Jack light a wealthy
businessman was devastated when he found
out that his eight-year-old son Johnny
had been kidnapped he called the police
the next day Thursday when the
detectives arrived he was met by Jack
light himself and his 20 year old son
James when asked why they didn't call
the police as soon as the boy went
missing it was James who explained what
had happened he said that the day before
he'd gotten a phone call from the
kidnappers who warned the family not to
call the police and of course they
demanded a ransom of half a million
dollars in unmarked bills to be brought
to the nearest park within the next hour
mr. Leight collected the money into a
briefcase without hesitation and James
went to the park to deliver it when he
was halfway to the meeting point he
heard footsteps quickly come up from
behind him he was then hit on the head
and fell to the ground thankfully James
wasn't knocked unconscious so he managed
to see the guy running away from him
with the briefcase in his hand James
said that the attacker was a redhead
wearing blue jeans and a dark green
v-neck sweater with this information the
police rushed off and actually found two
potential suspects matching the
description James had given
interestingly enough both guys tried to
run from the police when they were
stopped the first suspect said that he
fled because he was afraid of getting in
trouble for the Taser he had on him for
protection given that this weapon was a
violation of local stun gun laws the
second suspect was a homeless guy that
ran because he thought he was
for panhandling the next day the
detective came back to mr. lights
residence with good news he informed the
worried father that although they hadn't
found the briefcase and the money they
did know who the kidnapper was do you
know who the detective had in mind
you've got 20 seconds to decide it was
the brother James light he had described
the kidnapper as wearing a v-neck
sweater but how could he know that if
the guy was running away from him and he
only saw the back of his attacker
James was obviously lying albeit very
detailed and convincing number three
who's the criminal ringleader a SWAT
team got an order to raid a remote
farmhouse according to investigators a
gang of kidnappers was hiding out there
with their boss the gang leader was
described as being an Asian woman in her
early to mid 20s when the police entered
the house they found three young Asian
women locked in a room the girls claimed
that they'd been kidnapped by the gang
but if the mastermind of the gang was a
young woman - how could the police be
sure that she wasn't right there in
front of them pretending to be one of
the victims well they decided to figure
that out by interviewing each one the
first girl said her name was Akane and
she'd been locked in the room for a
month she was abducted on her way home
from work
the second young woman told them her
name was Hana and she'd been locked in
the house for two months the criminals
were planning to sell her abroad as for
the third girl whose name was eka she'd
been locked in the room for three months
and she was so grateful to the police
were rescuing her after the
investigators listened to all the
statements they did end up finding that
the gang leader was hiding among the
victims
and they arrested her right away who was
pretending and how did the police
understand which of the girls was the
criminal you have only 20 seconds to
unravel the mystery if you need more
time just pause the video
[Music]
are you still struggling to find the
right answer all right here's a little
hint pay attention to not only their
statements but also their hair color we
told you to pay attention to their hair
and here's why everybody knows that
Asians have naturally dark hair we can
clearly see that eka doesn't dye her
hair but Akane and Hannah do and when
brunettes dye their hair blonde their
dark roots start to show as their hair
grows over time so eka who was sporting
her natural hair color could be crossed
off the suspect list immediately Hanna
spent two months in captivity which
obviously means that she couldn't touch
up her roots by looking at her we can
tell by her dark roots that she was
telling the truth this leaves us with a
kanay who said that she'd been in
captivity for a month now if we consider
the fact that the average person's hair
grows about half an inch per month it
becomes clear as day that this woman was
lying her freshly dyed roots gave her
away as the criminal ringleader
disguised as a victim Booker boys did
you get all the answers right tell us in
the comments below how many riddles you
managed to solve challenge all your
friends by sharing this video with them
and remember to give it a like if you
enjoyed it subscribe to our channel if
you enjoy watching funny
thought-provoking and informative videos
because we've got all that and more on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you